[menu-bar] support displaying new project icons (#260)
expo/orbit: CONTRIBUTING.md

## 📦 Download and Setup

1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository to your own GitHub account and then [clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) it to your local device. (`git remote add upstream git@github.com:expo/orbit.git` 😉).
2. Make sure you have the following packages globally installed on your system:
   - [node](https://nodejs.org/) (Node 12 or higher is recommended)
   - [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
3. Install the Node packages (`yarn install`).
4. Build `common-types`, `eas-shared` and `cli` by running `yarn build` at the root of the project.
5. Inside the `apps/cli` directory run `yarn archive` to generate the standalone executable used by the `menu-bar`.
6. Finally, run `yarn update-cli` inside the `apps/menu-bar` directory to update the local CLI file.

## 🏎️ Start the Development environment

> 1. From the `apps/cli` directory run `yarn start` to start Metro Bundler.
> 2. Run `yarn start` to build the `menu-bar` app with Xcode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the `apps/menu-bar` directory, run `yarn start` to start Metro Bundler.
2. Run `xed macos` and build the `menu-bar` app with Xcode.
```
